tracy jackson: Hi there. Can you hear me.
JAMES EAKIN: Hello.
tracy jackson: Yeah.
JAMES EAKIN: Hello doesn't
tracy jackson: You never hear me.
Yeah.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
tracy jackson: See my get my earphones connected, real quickly.
tracy jackson: I'll be with you.
JAMES EAKIN: What do you prefer to be called James
tracy jackson: James. Okay.
tracy jackson: Great and
tracy jackson: Tim. Tell me how you found bright heart health.
JAMES EAKIN: Regional Medical Center.
JAMES EAKIN: To
tracy jackson: Okay. And so tell me, do you understand that bright heart health, her job is really to try to transition. You ever to Suboxone something that you
tracy jackson: Are want are interested in doing.
JAMES EAKIN: The boxing.
JAMES EAKIN: Boxing.
tracy jackson: You haven't
tracy jackson: You have you been on for about 10 before
Yes.
tracy jackson: And what what happened at that time.
JAMES EAKIN: A week
tracy jackson: All right. Do you have any headphones by any chance to little hard to hear you.
JAMES EAKIN: I don't know, hippos with me at the moment.
tracy jackson: Okay. That's all right. As long as you can hear me. Okay, so tell me
tracy jackson: Tell me what's going on with you now and and what your symptoms are and why you're wanting to be seen by now, or needing to be seen by
JAMES EAKIN: I did us yesterday. So, okay, we don't know.
JAMES EAKIN: Only because I have no way methadone own no changes to do
tracy jackson: Here. So we're you have, what are you, how much you taken
JAMES EAKIN: Us on Blab Blab have well over the hill and daily
JAMES EAKIN: Just, just
tracy jackson: The whole your debt your whole daily doses, a half a gram
tracy jackson: Yeah. And are you taking an
tracy jackson: ID or in your nose or how you taking it.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah, I used to smoke.
tracy jackson: Second to shoot it up and how many times a day. Are you doing that.
JAMES EAKIN: To three
tracy jackson: And is it a half a gram each time or the total does is a half a gram
JAMES EAKIN: Who is
JAMES EAKIN: A little more than half. Now he says there's probably about
JAMES EAKIN: Three quarters of them. I do it at
JAMES EAKIN: The do a partner.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: Any amendment.
JAMES EAKIN: measure them methadone those
tracy jackson: What doing any other
tracy jackson: Any other kind of you.
Know,
JAMES EAKIN: Know,
tracy jackson: Any cocaine or methamphetamine or
JAMES EAKIN: Alcohol or marijuana or anything.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: Now it's Aaron and then
tracy jackson: Are you taking any additional painful methods done
tracy jackson: Okay.
JAMES EAKIN: Recently yet.
tracy jackson: But no other pills pain pills.
tracy jackson: Methadone nothing else. It's just the here when at this point. Okay.
tracy jackson: And you last year.
Last year, how long ago.
JAMES EAKIN: About
JAMES EAKIN: Julio to move
tracy jackson: Okay. And when do you expect you'll start to go into withdrawal.
JAMES EAKIN: Probably about
JAMES EAKIN: 70
JAMES EAKIN: Okay, so
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: How long ago did you, how long have you been doing heroin.
JAMES EAKIN: Heroin since I was 20 years old.
tracy jackson: Okay so 14 years
tracy jackson: Daily
tracy jackson: Okay. And have you, how many times
tracy jackson: In a month. Would you said you have to use. You ever have to use the Narcan the reversal shot.
JAMES EAKIN: Oh, that that only happened once a couple times when them did some moves to know stuff.
tracy jackson: OK, so now you're pretty sure that what you're taking does not have any Sentinel in it.
JAMES EAKIN: Actually, this is my
JAMES EAKIN: Yes. Oh.
tracy jackson: So you don't know
tracy jackson: Yeah. And have you ever. Have you ever been cleaned for any period of time before
JAMES EAKIN: Um, yeah.
tracy jackson: And how did that come about. When did you go inside the hospital or do it on your end, that was about fun
JAMES EAKIN: who's cooking is bad. I went to jail.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And that they didn't give you any medicine, while you're in jail, then methadone or Suboxone or anything.
JAMES EAKIN: No, it wasn't. It wasn't a road no clinically dead.
JAMES EAKIN: Mm hmm. Okay.
tracy jackson: Have you ever been in a method. Have you ever been in a methadone clinic before
Yes.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: How long ago was that
JAMES EAKIN: We will you go
tracy jackson: Here and you know how much the venue getting every day.
JAMES EAKIN: Was in 80 milligrams
tracy jackson: At. Okay. And did you have any problems with that treatment.
JAMES EAKIN: Mr canceling one time. This
JAMES EAKIN: Isn't this isn't in the academy.
JAMES EAKIN: Referral but
JAMES EAKIN: Those numbers of transportation in time. And I just really got my medical computation to do and then then I miss Lori to Monday. So they give me a referral to another place, and I just never know doing it.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: And then in terms of
tracy jackson: Your situation now where are you living the have transportation. Tell me what
JAMES EAKIN: Live in
JAMES EAKIN: several places.
tracy jackson: Okay, we're back.
tracy jackson: Again, tell me about your life now where you live, what kind of support, you have
tracy jackson: That sort of thing.
JAMES EAKIN: I'm
JAMES EAKIN: Moving actually promote my grandma's house today with my girlfriend.
JAMES EAKIN: Just gonna be me and her there and
JAMES EAKIN: She's pretty good support cases.
tracy jackson: You're not using
JAMES EAKIN: No, no, she's actually like pushing me to do this way.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
JAMES EAKIN: You're going to start
tracy jackson: With your baby.
Yes.
tracy jackson: Are you guys going to be moving into a house together, you will have like a phone or Wi Fi some way to
JAMES EAKIN: Reliably be about us every week. Yes. Okay.
tracy jackson: And then
tracy jackson: And then, tell me about your employment history.
JAMES EAKIN: Disabled
JAMES EAKIN: By usable for
JAMES EAKIN: A second
tracy jackson: Are you on
tracy jackson: Charity to study or workers comp disability.
JAMES EAKIN: Disability
tracy jackson: And then tell me, tell me about the rest of the rest of your health, how, how is your liver and kidneys and heart and lungs and all that. What kind of medical problems do you have
JAMES EAKIN: Well, the
JAMES EAKIN: Reason.
tracy jackson: Sorry, as far as you know everything's working well you don't you don't have any heart problems or lung problems or liver problem or kidney from
tracy jackson: Do you take any other medication.
JAMES EAKIN: And no I don't hold
tracy jackson: And so you don't you don't take any medicine from a doctor for
JAMES EAKIN: Mrs.
JAMES EAKIN: Mrs. Yeah.
JAMES EAKIN: But other
JAMES EAKIN: Than the four years. I know I'm on the phone right now. Oh, yeah.
tracy jackson: allergy medication.
tracy jackson: Hey. Come, tell me about your surgery.
JAMES EAKIN: To skateboard. And I have but mom skateboarding.
JAMES EAKIN: Was going to jump up and down by by some being
tracy jackson: Sorry, I'm not sure if it's my connection or your connection.
tracy jackson: Drops
tracy jackson: Tell me, tell me about this.
tracy jackson: Okay, tell me about your surgeries that you've had.
tracy jackson: Had a job all surgery.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
Let
JAMES EAKIN: Us.
JAMES EAKIN: Know,
tracy jackson: And then something another surgery in your mouth.
JAMES EAKIN: Oh,
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And any other kind of surgery.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay, so you
tracy jackson: Had some surgery for broken bones in your arms.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And then
tracy jackson: Tell me, do you know if anybody in your family has ever been sick with any
tracy jackson: Issues any significant
Issues.
tracy jackson: Any addiction in your family.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Your mother was addicted.
Uh huh.
tracy jackson: And. And how about in terms of your mental health. Have you ever been.
tracy jackson: Depressed or suicidal.
JAMES EAKIN: Yes.
tracy jackson: Okay. Are you feeling suicidal right now.
tracy jackson: You've been in the hospital for that before.
JAMES EAKIN: Yes.
tracy jackson: How many times
tracy jackson: Okay. And when was the last time.
tracy jackson: Two years ago.
tracy jackson: Yeah, anytime to do is it as well.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Have you been diagnosed with
tracy jackson: And for any or bipolar disorder.
tracy jackson: I'm sorry.
tracy jackson: Connections. Not so good.
tracy jackson: Can you hear me now.
tracy jackson: Any schizophrenia or bipolar disorder.
JAMES EAKIN: borderline or bipolar.
tracy jackson: That's the main one.
tracy jackson: manic depression.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: How many times have you been to like a rehab facility or anything like that.
JAMES EAKIN: Twice.
tracy jackson: Twice. Okay. And then, how long were you able to remain sober after that clean after that.
tracy jackson: A week okay
tracy jackson: And what do you think are normally the triggers for you to relapse.
JAMES EAKIN: Love.
JAMES EAKIN: We
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: So do you have any doctor or therapist that you see regularly.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: Is it, are we are you on
tracy jackson: I guess the connection is getting a little better. I'm just going to repeat what I hear you say so I make sure I hear it correctly, but
tracy jackson: You, it's, it's easy. You have a lot of triggers to for relapse. It's
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Okay. And this time, however, you're moving to a house with your girlfriend's she doesn't use, you have a stable relationship. You want to stay with her because you guys are having a baby.
tracy jackson: You've got some disability money coming in and you've got some insurance. I guess if you're seeing bright heart. Yeah, Medicaid or something. Okay, so what are your reasons for wanting to
tracy jackson: Get clean now. Any other motivations.
JAMES EAKIN: Just
tracy jackson: A baby and your girlfriend. OK, so
tracy jackson: The way we go about this at bright heart, we would need you to have a pharmacy that you can work with. Right.
tracy jackson: And then
tracy jackson: Okay. And so what we would do is call you in a prescription for some Suboxone because that's what we can do over the phone.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
tracy jackson: So about people.
tracy jackson: When what happened last time that you were on Suboxone
tracy jackson: Yeah, so the deal with the Suboxone and we'll talk about that. Do you remember how much you were taking
JAMES EAKIN: Was taking this trip this trip to
tracy jackson: One or two strips.
Yeah.
tracy jackson: I'm not sure exactly, you know what they were talking about, you know, just maybe, we were taken at the same time to strips on both sides to so there's more room for the strip to be absorbed. But the deal with Suboxone is you have to be well and truly into withdrawal like
tracy jackson: If you
tracy jackson: Yeah, you got to be like really feeling bad for a while. For like 24 hours.
tracy jackson: Because if you take the Suboxone too soon it'll put you in even worse withdrawal.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Yeah, exactly. So you just gotta hold out as long as you can. And then, and we'll give you some
tracy jackson: Some instructions about how to do that. But bottom line is you once you're really in withdrawal, then you'll take you'll take one of the Suboxone okay and then we'll follow up on you.
tracy jackson: You know, pretty daily, you know, to make sure that we get you to the right dose, you know, be like you kind of
tracy jackson: There'll be instructions for how you did this, basically, but take one and then two hours later, if you're not at a withdrawal. You can take a second one sort of thing. But we'll have a call team to make sure that you
tracy jackson: You know, know how to do it. And then we won't increase the dose really quickly. But we give you a big enough dose up front that it should take you out of withdrawal and reduce your craving. Okay. And then once you're in that situation, you would need to call in
tracy jackson: Once a week.
tracy jackson: You know we just give you kind of a week supply at the time. At first, and you'd meet with me or another provider in a therapist and that kind of thing. And we try to get you on a stable dose.
tracy jackson: There'll be some blood work and some lab testing and things that you need to get done. But all that the care coordination team will walk you through. Okay.
tracy jackson: Now, do you think that's going to be a problem for you to come weekly to the meetings.
JAMES EAKIN: Mm hmm.
tracy jackson: Okay. And here at the beginning, we might see you a little more frequently, just to check in with you and make sure that you're doing okay with the induction.
tracy jackson: But it sounds like you've got at least another day or two before you really get into withdrawal. Did you give the information to the care coordinators about the pharmacy that you want to use.
tracy jackson: Okay, and you're in California, is that correct
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And what is your partner's name.
JAMES EAKIN: Dana.
tracy jackson: Dana. Okay.
tracy jackson: And did you end this and this number that we're calling you on. Now this is a good number to be able to reach you.
tracy jackson: Okay.
All right.
tracy jackson: Now last sort of bit of questions. Do you suffer with any pain physical pain in your body.
Yeah.
tracy jackson: And is that one of the drivers that makes you want to use the heroin is pain.
tracy jackson: And tell me on a daily basis how you would write your pain on a scale of zero to 10
Oh,
tracy jackson: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Okay, so, and tell me when was the last time you can remember never having any pain anywhere.
JAMES EAKIN: Oh,
tracy jackson: 14 and what happened in
tracy jackson: And when did you
tracy jackson: When were you first using any any substances, how old
tracy jackson: 20 years old. Okay. And then how about any alcohol or or weed.
tracy jackson: That right, the time when you started having pain.
tracy jackson: And how about cigarettes you smoke.
JAMES EAKIN: Yes.
JAMES EAKIN: Do
tracy jackson: You smoke cigarettes, since you're young.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah yeah
Okay.
tracy jackson: Okay. And then in terms of the pain, other than the heroin or the pain pills. Have you ever seen a pain doctor or had any
tracy jackson: Any treatments for pain that have been helpful.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And where is the majority of your pain located
JAMES EAKIN: My bad.
JAMES EAKIN: Right.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
tracy jackson: So I'm just trying to figure it out because there are two different tracks that we can go to and bright heart health.
tracy jackson: One is, you know, for addiction and the other is for pain and there are some people that we put in a combined program.
tracy jackson: Where they can sort of manage get their addiction under control. And then if you find that you're still having pain and that's driving your cravings, then you can come once you get a little bit more stable than we can get you in a pain management program as well.
tracy jackson: That sounds good. Alright, the first. I guess the, you know, the issue is, is this something that you're willing to try that you want to give a guy once you start withdrawing go back on the Suboxone
tracy jackson: Meet meet frequently
tracy jackson: For the first week.
tracy jackson: And then we'll kind of do it every week week. Once all the drug screens and everything start that they look okay then we'll then we can increase the
tracy jackson: You know, change it around so you don't have to meet so frequently. Okay, but we want to make sure you stay safe and all that.
tracy jackson: In between, okay.
tracy jackson: What questions do you have for me.
JAMES EAKIN: Me.
tracy jackson: Say one more time.
tracy jackson: What this what mean
Yeah yeah
tracy jackson: Yeah, exactly. You just go ahead and have that be your last disappear when, if you can
tracy jackson: When you start withdrawing you'll have a prescription called in for you with some instructions at the pharmacy about kind of how to how to take the Suboxone and then we'll Schedule A follow up appointment with you. Okay.
tracy jackson: In a couple days.
tracy jackson: You lost your girlfriend.
JAMES EAKIN: Well, we should have
JAMES EAKIN: To
Say,
tracy jackson: Do you want to
tracy jackson: Do you want me to wait for you want to go try and look for the she close by.
tracy jackson: I can wait a few minutes yet.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And then as far as, you know, do you have any hepatitis.
tracy jackson: Know any HIV.
tracy jackson: Tuberculosis ever had any of that.
tracy jackson: And then
tracy jackson: Let's see. And how about what's your diet like
tracy jackson: Okay, and you're not experiencing any
tracy jackson: Any withdrawal symptoms right now.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: So I'm just going to go through a couple of things and you just say
tracy jackson: yes or no to these questions. Okay, so
tracy jackson: Over the past 12 months. Do you feel like that you have used opioids in larger amounts and over a larger period of time than you wanted to
tracy jackson: Over the past 12 months have you had a persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to cut down on your IPO, it's
tracy jackson: And your continued to have craving.
tracy jackson: Okay, and
tracy jackson: What sorts of things are a few words getting in the way of in terms of your life.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And then if you were clean. Do you feel like you would want to be able to go back to work.
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
tracy jackson: And are you developing tolerance needing more IP woods
tracy jackson: Than you have in the past, to be able to get high.
tracy jackson: Okay, I'm
tracy jackson: Okay. And right now, if you had to describe the state of your mood, what would it be
tracy jackson: Depressed. And then, and like you said you've been using opioids for over
tracy jackson: Over 12 years. Now you said, since you were 20
tracy jackson: And you mentioned that you were using cocaine earlier.
tracy jackson: How long did you use. Okay.
JAMES EAKIN: Whoa.
tracy jackson: Okay, but when was the last year. Last time you used it.
JAMES EAKIN: 27
tracy jackson: Okay. It's been a while. And how old are you now.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And then alcohol.
You don't drink.
tracy jackson: Alcohol, you don't drink much you haven't used it recently.
tracy jackson: Right.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And how about how about Xanax at a van any NZ any binzel those kind of things.
tracy jackson: Can you look at me. I can't hear you.
looking away.
tracy jackson: And have one last time you use for nothing.
tracy jackson: We took some last night Klonopin
JAMES EAKIN: We don't have a prescription for
JAMES EAKIN: This
tracy jackson: Period. This use any kind of lenses and extra quantifying or any that
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: All right, but you haven't had a regular prescription for a while.
Know,
tracy jackson: That you just get on the streets and Xanax
JAMES EAKIN: Yeah, okay.
tracy jackson: And what what does to you take
tracy jackson: A 10 milligram. Yeah.
tracy jackson: Okay, and then had. Tell me about your marijuana use. How long have you been using marijuana
JAMES EAKIN: 12
tracy jackson: For 12. And then, when was your last use of marijuana
tracy jackson: Okay, and how much marijuana D and how do you take your marijuana smoke it are
tracy jackson: Edible
tracy jackson: Okay. And how much do you say a day.
JAMES EAKIN: Let's
JAMES EAKIN: Play today.
tracy jackson: And how many cigarettes you smoke a day. How many facts.
tracy jackson: Perfect Day for how many years.
All right.
tracy jackson: Okay so girlfriend is not here. Is that right,
tracy jackson: Okay, so what's going to happen is I'm going to keep your fun with you. Okay, I'm going to get the care coordinator to call you back and talk to you and your girlfriends, in case you forget. Okay.
tracy jackson: It's out to you and your girlfriend about what the next steps are going to be all right.
JAMES EAKIN: Okay.
tracy jackson: That sounds good.
JAMES EAKIN: Sounds good.
tracy jackson: Alright any questions.
tracy jackson: Any questions for me.
No.
tracy jackson: All right, we'll see you around. Okay. I'll talk to you soon.
tracy jackson: All right. Bye bye.